Transcript Welcome back to my channel Mentioned sun, beach, bikini Which city do you think of? The first thing I thought of was Miami But after this four-day trip to Miami, It turns out that this city is different from what I imagined In addition to the stereotypes mentioned before Miami has many different charming features and unknown surprises hidden in every corner Are you ready? Travel with me! We are driving from Orlando to Miami The takes about 4 hour drive As you approach Miami, you can see a noticeable change in the scenery. Palm trees and coconut trees on both sides Full of tropical atmosphere Arrive at our Airbnb The room is clean and tidy Fully equipped All kinds of kitchen tools Pots, pans, knives and utensils, etc After a long drive In addition to our earlier trip in Orlando visiting Universal Studios We are too tired to go anywhere Just relax at the Airbnb and go to bed early Fully charged the next day We head straight to the beach Miami Beach is divided into three parts: North Beach, Mid Beach and South Beach. Among them, South Beach is the most popular one Without further ado, let's enjoy the beautiful beach scenery! After sunbathing, we come to Lincoln Rd Mall This is located in Miami Beach It's a shopping area running east-west on Lincoln Road A pioneer in pedestrian areas across the United States There are about 200 shops and restaurants Mostly mid-price brands I am not enthusiastic in shopping Just take a walk and enjoy the city view Come to the famous Joe's Stone Crab Stone crab is a specialty of Frieda Known for its large size, sweet meat and delicious taste Joe's is a century-old store with relatively expensive prices. Ordering a few crab claws cost us $111 With the price and fame, We are kind of disappointed After lunch We visit the Wynwood Wall This is the largest collection of street art in the world Every building on the block becomes a giant canvas Presenting a variety of different styles of street art We just want to chill out today. No busy itineraries Walk back to the beach and get ready for a romantic sunset The third day of the journey We want to explore the vibrant and exotic side of the city Head to downtown Miami first Saw the cool MRT Then we visit the Little Havana Mostly Latinos in this area Buidings and decorations are full of Cuban style Even the air smells like Cuban cigars With lively Latin music everywhere This area is full of exotic atmosphere I like it very much Come to this popular Cuban restaurant I didn’t expect the menu to be all in Spanish. It turns out that Little Havana is Spanish speaking area I did my best with my entry-level Spanish to order our foods Speaking of which, I want to give this restaurant five stars. The appetizer is pulled pork with fried banana chips Cuban sandwich is so yummy A small cup of coffee, sweet and rich in flavor The meal cost $30 Very satisfied Of course, can’t miss the Cuban cigar shop Try to pretend to be a tycoon and smoke a cigar. Bought a box of cigars as a gift for a friend Visit the popular Cuban ice cream shop Be sure to order their No. 1 selling flavor "Abuela Maria" Made of guava, cream cheese, and Marie biscuits Super delicious!!! Then we strolled to Domino Park There are many seniors playing dominoes inside Having fun outside of the park It's like one of our childhood games Miami in the evening neon lights Beautiful night views Coming to the last day of the journey We are in the mood to explore the nature Everglades National Park is located in southern Florida About 45-minute drive from Miami Covering an area of 6,106 square kilometers One of the nation's largest park, ranked next to Yellowstone National Park This park is famous for its rich ecosystem Including freshwater swamps, coastal beaches Saltwater swamps and beach grasslands, etc. There are also many wild animals Including crocodiles, snapping turtles Waterfowl, abundant fish and a variety of plants Taking an Airboat ride is quite an experience Enjoy the park’s ecology and scenery As the sunset slowly sets The skyline is dyed warm orange It's as if the whole sky is gently burning Reflecting the black wetland creates a peaceful and mysterious atmosphere In a sense of tranquility blended with nature We have completed this unforgettable trip If you like my video Please subscribe, like, and share See you next time!
